echo resolution=4
python3 stone.py 04 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=5
python3 stone.py 05 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=6
python3 stone.py 06 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=7
python3 stone.py 07 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=8
python3 stone.py 08 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=9
python3 stone.py 09 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=10
python3 stone.py 10 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=11
python3 stone.py 11 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=12
python3 stone.py 12 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=13
python3 stone.py 13 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=14
python3 stone.py 14 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=15
python3 stone.py 15 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=16
python3 stone.py 16 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=20
python3 stone.py 20 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=22
python3 stone.py 22 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=25
python3 stone.py 25 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=30
python3 stone.py 30 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=32
python3 stone.py 32 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=35
python3 stone.py 35 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area

echo resolution=40
python3 stone.py 40 > opla
grep errv opla >> errors 
grep inclusion opla >> area
